looking at guidlines ans styles but not in depth.

as many ways to build prototype as there are to build a system.
Websites most usefulare the paper prototype and web prototype.
person can only hold 7 itms in their short term memory, like a register in c.s
because of this s why like card sorts are good because you can put like 
categories in their 'registers' which will lead them to more info behind those
this is why youd use like open card sorts first before you start doing closed
card sorting. If theyre thinking very differently then it makes sense to
consider if theyre actually your target demographic.
people read labels and group things differently based on things like the words
so should consider this. 
in assignment should be able to say what your navigational context is.
Your prototype should start off at low fidelity, but not too low. Then youll
slowly change that into a hgh fidelity prototype. 

going to be looking at users you forgot

about ethical usability adn all of that, for example now days tech is not like
a marketing want anymore its more like a need for an acceptable quality of 
life, so when theres certain groups odf people that dont have the mantal 
models or means to have some of this tech, then it can be unethical to only
target a certain group of people.
This doesnt mean that it gets rid of targeting one group over another, this is
when youre targeting something that one group will WANT to buy your products, 
dontnhave to be useable for groups that wont want the product

There are different types of users that have 'been forgotton' those with 
either a perminent, temporary or situational imparement to one of the senses
that are requred for the tech to be useable.

for your assignment some guidelines and stuff in terms of usability legality, 
you'll need to be following the 'w3' guidelines. 

there are tools like lighthouse that check accessibility, whihc youll need to 
consider in your assignment alongside having it useable. lighthouse basically
just says how well a website conforms to the w3 thingo. However you must 
realise that alot of websites just tick all the boxes without actually testing
it so it isnt actually useable/accessible

to access lighthouse you'll need chrome, you go to the three dots menu, more 
tools > develop tools > audits > accessibility > run audits . will process
the way it loads ans astuff everything it fails or doesnt go well in will have
a description. this is advanced and will be unliekly a new HTML perosn will
be able to get a score of 100. 

theres also more useablity stuff not jsut for impared people but for people 
with a different situations. LOCALISATION is designing to account for differen
cultures and all that. GLOBALISATION is accounting for differences across
many diverse locations and cultures. exmpales include language, date format, 
tempreture and measuremtns, reading way

there are less obvious exclusoons that can harm usability are, refernces to 
pop culture, slang like 'sticky beak', analogies and idioms, politics, 
geographical features and places. 

WCAG is a example of a guide about useability and crating different types of
websites, theres different guides to suit different types of peopel, however
you should always  break the rules and that when your target isnt the same. 

remeber that guides are generally written for all people when your website
will opften be like for only a particular set of people. 

conventions should be bvrokenwhen they  cause things to happen that are 
unexpected, when the users are used to a convention and when they expect 
convention and you dont give it to them then they wont be happy, the user
will draw their convention form other websites.


